"All that a belief is, is a thought that you keep practicing." -- Abraham
"You cannot get to where you want to be by pushing against what you do not want - it never, ever works." -- Abraham
"You cannot judge the value of a life by its quantity. It is by the joy that you are feeling." -- Abraham
"You cannot worry about someone and love them at the same time. Most people mistake the emotion of worry for the emotion of love. They think that worrying about somebody means that you love them." -- Abraham
"How would I treat myself right now if I was someone I deeply care about?",Adyashanti
"Awareness is always there, but it doesn't do you much good until you bring consciousness to it, even for brief moments. Don't be too concerned with how long you can sustain it. It's more important how often you check in. If you keep checking in, the sustaining of it happens on its own." -- Adyashanti
"Each human is a point of orientation through which the Universe experiences itself." -- Adyashanti
"Everybody has their difficulty. Nobody gets out unscathed." -- Adyashanti
"In this moment there is always freedom and there is always peace. This moment in which you experience stillness is every moment. Don't let the mind seduce you into the past or the future. Stay in the moment, and dare to consider that you can be free now." -- Adyashanti
"In this very moment, the awareness that is reading these words, the awareness that looks out, the awareness that sees, the awareness that is hearing the sounds around you-recognizing that awareness, before you even try to be aware, is the doorway to the fundamental reality. That awareness is the awareness of the infinite; that awareness is itself the infinite being aware." -- Adyashanti
"Make no mistake about it - enlightenment is a destructive process. It has nothing to do with becoming better or being happier. Enlightenment is the crumbling away of untruth. It's seeing through the facade of pretense. It's the complete eradication of everything we imagine to be true." -- Adyashanti
"Nobody is making you feel what you're feeling. Nobody has the power to make you feel something negative emotionally. Your reactions are caused by how you interpret any situation. This is so important because it means that you ultimately become your own resource of emotional freedom and truth." -- Adyashanti
"Not knowing is the way to deeper liberating knowledge." -- Adyashanti
"One of the primary ways we suffer is when we are addicted to not wanting the world to be the way it is. Begin to reexamine what your own emotional hang-ups are, the parts of your experience where you're addicted to a demand for life to be other than it is. The depth of your awakened vision will put more and more pressure on whatever addictive demands you're still holding onto, and whatever emotional turmoil you still have within you." -- Adyashanti
"Suffering is how Life tells you that you are resisting or misperceiving what is real and true. It is the way Life suggests that you are not in harmony with what Is." -- Adyashanti
"There is no such thing as an absolutely True thought. This doesn't mean that some thoughts are not truer than others, only that no thought is absolutely True." -- Adyashanti
"There's only one thing that's better than getting what you want: it's to know that you can be happy whether you get it or not." -- Adyashanti
"This isn't about thought or no thought. It's about 'Where is your attention?' That's the game changer." -- Adyashanti
"Whatever you accept, you go beyond." -- Adyashanti
"When in doubt, simply be still. Stop, breathe, inwardly listen. Repeat this many times every day. Being still and quiet is the ultimate spiritual practice. Keep it this simple and you will see the results for yourself. But you must actually do it, not just think about it. Stop, breath, and inwardly listen to the listening. Repeat this many times every day." -- Adyashanti
"You can't create inner stillness; you just notice it." -- Adyashanti
"In the same way that you need to stop talking to hear what others are saying, you need to stop thinking in order to find what life is all about." -- Alan Watts
"The Three Principles is not a self-improvement course, trying to improve what is. Rather, it is understanding the nature of what is." -- Dicken Bettinger
"A glimpse is enough to initiate the awakening process, which is irreversible." -- Eckhart Tolle
"A great deal of what people say, think, or do is actually motivated by fear, which of course is always linked with having your focus on the future and being out of touch with the Now. As there are no problems in the Now, there is no fear either." -- Eckhart Tolle
"A new state of consciousness is emerging. We have suffered enough!" -- Eckhart Tolle
"Accept - then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Accept,then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it. This will miraculously change your whole life." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Acceptance looks like a passive state, but in reality it brings something entirely new into this world. That peace, a subtle energy vibration, is consciousness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Acceptance means: For now, this is what this situation, this moment, requires me to do, and so I do it willingly." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Acceptance of the unacceptable is the greatest source of grace in this world." -- Eckhart Tolle
"All that arises passes away." -- Eckhart Tolle
"As far as inner transformation is concerned, there is nothing you can do about it. You cannot transform yourself, and you certainly cannot transform your partner or anybody else. All you can do is create a space for transformation to happen, for grace and love to enter." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Be aware of your breathing as often as you are able, whenever you remember. Do that for one year, and it will be powerfully transformative. And it's free." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Be aware of your breathing. Notice how this takes attention away from your thinking and creates space." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Becoming aware of awareness is the arising of inner stillness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Boredom, anger, sadness, or fear are not 'yours,' not personal. They are conditions of the human mind. They come and go. Nothing that comes and goes is you." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Challenges are here to awaken you and even if you're awakening, life continuously gives you challenges and then the awakening accelerates and deepens." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Do what you have to do. In the meantime, accept what is." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Each individual is an expression of the collective consciousness of humanity and the collective consciousness of humanity is an expression of the One universal consciousness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Each person's life,each life-form, in fact,represents a world, a unique way in which the universe experiences itself." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Ego implies unawareness. Awareness and ego cannot coexist." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Every addiction arises from an unconscious refusal to face & move through your own pain. "Every addiction starts with pain & ends with pain." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Every fragment of self-talk is a little story in the head that goes around, and then you look at reality through the lens of the little story." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Failure lies concealed in every success, and success in every failure." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Faith is trust. Faith is a deep sense of connectedness with Being." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Feeling the one of yourself with all things is true love." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment." -- Eckhart Tolle
"For most people, their spiritual teacher is their suffering. Because eventually the suffering brings about awakening." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Give your fullest attention to whatever the moment presents." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Here's a new spiritual practice for you: don't take your thoughts too seriously." -- Eckhart Tolle
"How spiritual you are has nothing to do with what you believe but everything to do with your state of consciousness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"How to be at peace now? By making peace with the present moment. The present moment is the field on which the game of life happens. It cannot happen anywhere else." -- Eckhart Tolle
"I am not my thoughts, emotions, sense perceptions, and experiences. I am not the content of my life. I am Life. I am the space in which all things happen. I am consciousness. I am the Now. I Am." -- Eckhart Tolle
"I call love the recognizing of yourself in the other, and yourself your essential self." -- Eckhart Tolle
"If you accept that a relationship is here to make you conscious instead of happy, then the relationship will offer you salvation, and you will be aligning yourself with the higher consciousness that wants to be born into this world." -- Eckhart Tolle
"If you consider the ego to be your personal problem, that's just more ego." -- Eckhart Tolle
"In any relationship, especially marriage, be as free of compulsive thinking as possible. In other words, the more space there is in the relationship,inner space,the more love there is because love arises out of the inner spaciousness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world." -- Eckhart Tolle
"It is the nature of the world of form that nothing stays fixed for very long,and so it starts to fall apart again. Forms dissolve; new forms arise. Watch the clouds. They will teach you about the world of form." -- Eckhart Tolle
"It is through the mistakes that the greatest learning happens on an inner level." -- Eckhart Tolle
"It may look as if the situation is creating the suffering, but ultimately this is not so,your resistance is." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Joy cannot come to you-ever. It emanates from the formless dimension within you, from consciousness itself and thus is one with who you are." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Letting go of inner resistance, you often find circumstances change for the better." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Life is an adventure, it's not a package tour." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Love does not want or fear anything." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Love is a state of Being. Your love is not outside; it is deep within you. You can never lose it, and it cannot leave you. It is not dependent on some other body, some external form. In the stillness of your presence, you can feel your own formless and timeless reality as the unmanifested life that animates your physical form. You can then feel the same life deep within every other human and every other creature. You look beyond the veil of form and separation. This is the realization of oneness. This is love." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Love...is the realization of oneness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Most humans are never fully present in the now, because unconsciously they believe that the next moment must be more important than this one. But then you miss your whole life, which is never not now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Most people treat the present moment as if it were an obstacle that they need to overcome. Since the present moment is life itself, it is an insane way to live." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Neither failure nor success has the power to change your inner state of Being." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Nothing ever happened in the past that can prevent you from being present now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Nothing ever happened in the past; it happened in the Now. Nothing will ever happen in the future; it will happen in the Now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Only one thing is of absolute importance and that is your connectedness with being." -- Eckhart Tolle
"So the only place that true change can occur and where the past can be dissolved is in the Now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Sometimes surrender means giving up from trying to understand, and becoming comfortable with not knowing." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Stillness comes from within you; it doesn't come from outside you." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Stillness is where creativity and solutions to problems are found." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Stress is caused by being 'here' but wanting to be 'there'." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Suffering is necessary until you realize it is unnecessary." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Surrender becomes easier when you realize the fleeting nature of all experiences." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The awakening consciousness in you recognizes truth when it is encountered." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The basis for true change is freedom from negativity. And that's what acceptance implies: no negativity about what is. And then you see what this moment requires: what is it that is required now so that life can express itself more fully?,Eckhart Tolle
"The beginning of spiritual awakening is the realization that you are not the voice in your head but the one who is aware of the voice. You are the awareness behind your thoughts. As this realization grows, you begin to derive your sense of identity increasingly from the space of awareness rather than from the narratives in your mind." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The ego is sustained by continuous resistance." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The eternal present is the space within which your whole life unfolds, the one factor that remains constant." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The formless dimension of pure consciousness arises from within you and replaces identification with form." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The future, the worry, the regret, the anxiety - these are all mental events that do not have to be part of the difficulty of life; these can be transcended here and now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The good news is that you can free yourself from the mind. This is the only true liberation." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The greatest difficulty is the mental resistance to things that arise, and the underlying assumption that they should not." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The light of consciousness is all that is necessary. You are the light." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The more you make your thoughts and beliefs into your identity, the more cut off you are from the spiritual dimension within yourself." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The only thing that is ultimately real about your journey is the step that you are taking at this moment. That's all there ever is." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The 'positive' already contains within itself the as yet unmanifested 'negative'." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The quality of your consciousness at this moment is what shapes the future,which, of course, can only be experienced as the Now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The secret to finding the deeper level in the other is finding the deeper level in yourself, without finding it in yourself, you cannot see it in the other." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The soul is your innermost being. The presence that you are beyond form. The consciousness that you are beyond form, that is the soul. That is who you are in essence." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The source of all abundance is not outside you. It is part of who you are." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The state of not knowing is the most important state you can be in because that opens you up to the deeper dimensions." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The ultimate truth of who you are is not I am this or I am that, but I AM." -- Eckhart Tolle
"The way in which you perceive the other is determined by your own thought forms." -- Eckhart Tolle
"There is always a simplicity about the present moment." -- Eckhart Tolle
"There's a huge amount of suffering that is generated not by the actual challenges of life but by the fictitious problems that the mind generates." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Time isn't precious at all, because it is an illusion." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To awaken means to awaken out of the self-talk in the head because the self-talk is a form of hypnosis - self hypnosis." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To awaken within the dream is our purpose now. When we are awake within the dream, the ego-created earth-drama comes to an end and a more benign and wondrous dream arises. This is the new earth." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To love is to recognize yourself in another." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To meet everything and everyone through stillness instead of mental noise is the greatest gift you can offer to the universe." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To recognize one's own insanity is, of course, the arising of sanity, the beginning of healing and transcendence." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To stay present in everyday life, it helps to be deeply rooted within yourself; otherwise, the mind, which has incredible momentum, will drag you along like a wild river." -- Eckhart Tolle
"True freedom and the end of suffering is living in such a way as if you had completely chosen whatever you feel or experience at this moment." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Unease, anxiety, tension, stress, worry,all forms of fear,are caused by too much future, and not enough presence." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Until you practice surrender, the spiritual dimension is something you read about, talk about, get excited about, write books about, think about, believe in - or don't, as the case may be. It makes no difference. Not until you surrender does it become a living reality in your life." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Welcome to the present moment. Here. Now. The only moment there ever is." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Whatever you fight, you strengthen, and what you resist, persists." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world." -- Eckhart Tolle
"When instead of reacting against a situation, you merge with it, the solution arises out of the situation itself. Actually it's not you, the person, who is looking and listening, but the alert stillness itself. Then if action is possible or necessary, you take action or rather right action happens through you. Right action is action that is appropriate to the whole. When the action is accomplished, the alert, spacious stillness remains." -- Eckhart Tolle
"When you are present in this moment, you break the continuity of your story, of past and future. Then true intelligence arises, and also love." -- Eckhart Tolle
"When you are present, when your attention is fully and intensely in the Now, Being can be felt, but it can never be understood mentally." -- Eckhart Tolle
"When you listen to the voice, listen to it impartially. This is to say, do not judge." -- Eckhart Tolle
"When you realize it's not personal, there is no longer a compulsion to react as if it were." -- Eckhart Tolle
"When you wash your hands, when you make a cup of coffee, when you're waiting for the elevator,instead of indulging in thinking, these are all opportunities for being there as a still, alert presence." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Whenever you deeply accept this moment as it is - no matter what form it takes - you are still, you are at peace." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Where there is anger there is always pain underneath." -- Eckhart Tolle
"With awareness there comes choice. And so you are able to say: 'I allow this moment to be as it is'. And then, suddenly, where before there was irritation, there is now a sense of aliveness and peace. And out of that comes right action." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You are never more essentially, more deeply, yourself than when you are still." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You are not your mind." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You are present when what you are doing is not primarily a means to an end (money, prestige, winning) but fulfilling in itself, when there is joy and aliveness in what you do. And, of course, you cannot be present unless you become friendly with the present moment. That is the basis for effective action, uncontaminated by negativity." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You are the beginning of the transformed world." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You attract and manifest whatever corresponds to your inner state." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You cannot find yourself in the past or future. The only place where you can find yourself is in the Now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You do not need to always conceptualize, interpret or label everything that comes into your awareness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You don't HAVE a life! You ARE life!,Eckhart Tolle
"You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level." -- Eckhart Tolle
"You forgive yourself by realizing that nobody can act beyond their level of consciousness." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Your inner purpose is to awaken. It is as simple as that. You share that purpose with every other person on the planet,because it is the purpose of humanity." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Your life situation exists in time. Your life is now." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Your unhappiness ultimately arises not from the circumstances of your life but from the conditioning of your mind." -- Eckhart Tolle
"Your unhappiness ultimately arises not from the circumstances of your life but from the conditioning of your mind." -- Eckhart Tolle
"To abide in not knowing what consciousness is leads to abiding knowingly as consciousness." -- Francis Lucille
"Why is there suffering? One reason. Because thought thinks that you and I are separate entities-even though we are not." -- Garret Kramer
"All we are is peace, love, and wisdom, and the power to create the illusion that we are not." -- Jack Pransky
"The Doing follows the Being & the Being is where the wisdom is." -- Jacqueline Hollows
"Sadness does not want to be healed, it wants to be held." -- Jeff Foster
"Time is a created thing. To say, 'I don't have time' is like saying, 'I don't want to.'",Lao Tzu
"The delusion that we can usefully predict the future kills countless dreams and splendid plans." -- Michael Neill
"We plan our lives as though they're linear, but things work themselves out through a series of happy accidents." -- Michael Neill
"When our thoughts look real, we live in a world of suffering. When they look subjective, we live in a world of choice. When they look arbitrary, we live in a world of possibility. And when we see them as illusory, we wake up inside a world of dreams." -- Michael Neill
"The sense of beingness that is fundamental to all of existence and is shared, is not as isolated or me-centric as the stickier 'I' thought." -- Mukti
"To be wholly present to any thought pattern or conditioning that's calling for your clear seeing, your complete listening, to rectify that pattern, you're expressing your enlightened nature." -- Mukti
"Changes are inevitable in the changeful, but you are not subject to them. You are the changeless background against which changes are perceived." -- Nisargadatta Maharaj
"Give all your attention to the question 'What is it that makes me conscious?' until your mind becomes the question itself and cannot think of anything else." -- Nisargadatta Maharaj
"It is not perceivable because it is what makes perception possible." -- Nisargadatta Maharaj
"Know yourself to be the changeless witness of the changeful mind. That is enough." -- Nisargadatta Maharaj
"Liberation is never of the person, it is always from the person." -- Nisargadatta Maharaj
"Wisdom tells me I am nothing, love tells me I am everything. Between the two, my life flows." -- Nisargadatta Maharaj
"All scriptures without any exception proclaim that for attaining Salvation, the mind should be subdued; and once one knows that control of the mind is their final aim, it is futile to make an interminable study of them. What is required for such control is actual enquiry into oneself by self-interrogation, 'Who am I?' How can this enquiry in quest of the Self be made merely by means of a study of the scriptures?...at some time, one will have to forget everything that has been learnt." -- Ramana Maharshi
"Suffering is the feedback that thinking/feeling is not aligned with truth." -- Ricardo Hidalgo
"Perception - a construction not an instruction." -- Rudiger Kennard
"Acceptance is what you are, not what you do." -- Rupert Spira
"All that is known is the knowing of experience, and we are that Knowing." -- Rupert Spira
"At its core, the separate self is a shrinking from the intimacy with, and openness to, all experience." -- Rupert Spira
"Awakening or Enlightenment is the experiential understanding that what we essentially are does not share the limits or the destiny of the body or mind." -- Rupert Spira
"Be neither the knower nor the known, but rather the knowing of experience, and you will find yourself as everyone and everything." -- Rupert Spira
"By far the larger part of the apparently separate self exists as a feeling in the body, not just a thought in the mind. Until the non-dual understanding penetrates deeply into the body, though our understanding may be clear, we will continue to feel, act, perceive and relate in ways that betray the apparent existence of a separate self." -- Rupert Spira
"Enlightenment is not an experience. It is the revelation of the true nature of all experience." -- Rupert Spira
"Enlightenment is the end of one process - thinking and feeling oneself to be a separate, limited self - but the beginning of another - the realignment of the body, mind and world with this new, experiential understanding." -- Rupert Spira
"Experience is ever-changing in name and form but never-changing in essence." -- Rupert Spira
"Experience is one seamless, unnameable, intimate whole. It is thought alone that divides this intimacy into an apparent multiplicity and diversity of objects and selves, thereby imagining a 'me' and a 'not me'." -- Rupert Spira
"Happiness is simply to allow everything to be exactly as it is from moment to moment." -- Rupert Spira
"Happiness is simply to allow everything to be exactly as it is from moment to moment." -- Rupert Spira
"Happiness or peace is the absence of resistance or seeking. It is the natural and ever-present condition of our Self, Awareness, in all situations and under all circumstances." -- Rupert Spira
"Happiness, which is the simple knowing of our own Being as it essentially is, is not dependent on the conditions of the body, mind or world. It is our ever-present nature. It lies shining quietly in the background of all experience and, when it is recognized, overflows into the foreground, pervading all experience with its qualities." -- Rupert Spira
"I - luminous, open, empty Awareness - am the truth of your Being and am eternally with you, in you, as you, shining quietly at the heart of all experience. Just turn towards Me, and acknowledge Me, and I will take you into Myself." -- Rupert Spira
"I shines as the Knowing in all that is known, just as the sun shines as the light in all that is seen." -- Rupert Spira
"If we invest our happiness in an intermittent object, substance, activity, relationship or state, we are, by definition, securing unhappiness for ourselves." -- Rupert Spira
"If we replace the impulse to avoid uncomfortable feelings with a desire to face and explore them deeply, we find, at their heart, exactly what we were seeking by trying to avoid them." -- Rupert Spira
"If we replace the impulse to avoid uncomfortable feelings with a desire to face and explore them deeply, we find, at their heart, exactly what we were seeking by trying to avoid them." -- Rupert Spira
"If we want to change our thoughts, we will have to start by changing the universe." -- Rupert Spira
"If we want to learn to live without suffering, we first have to learn to live with it. When suffering is welcomed so completely that there is not the slightest resistance to it, what we were seeking, by trying to get rid of it, is revealed at its heart." -- Rupert Spira
"In fear or resistance, we are pulled towards a past; in desire or seeking, we are propelled towards a future. Resistance and seeking are the two essential forms of the separate self. The only place they cannot stand is Now." -- Rupert Spira
"Meditation in the Direct Path is the recognition in which awareness’s awareness of itself ceases to be obscured by its awareness of objects." -- Rupert Spira
"Meditation is what we are, not what we do; the separate self is what we do, not what we are." -- Rupert Spira
"Mind is awareness in motion; awareness is mind at rest." -- Rupert Spira
"Nothing ever happens to the knowing with which all experience is known. It is never disturbed or agitated by anything that takes place in experience and is thus peace itself. It is neither enhanced nor diminished by anything that it knows or experiences, and is thus happiness itself." -- Rupert Spira
"Suffering expresses itself as the activity of resisting what is present and seeking what is not present. The separate self is made of that activity." -- Rupert Spira
"Suffering is not the opposite of happiness; it is the veiling of happiness. It is a call from happiness itself, reminding us that we have mistaken our Self for an idea, an image or an object." -- Rupert Spira
"That for which all people long, is eternally present, shining at the heart of all experience." -- Rupert Spira
"The discovery that peace, happiness and love are ever-present within our own Being, and completely available at every moment of experience, under all conditions, is the most important discovery that anyone can make." -- Rupert Spira
"The discovery that peace, happiness and love are ever-present within our own Being, and completely available at every moment of experience, under all conditions, is the most important discovery that anyone can make." -- Rupert Spira
"The knowledge 'I am' is the experience in which the finite mind and awareness intersect. It is a beacon that shines with the presence of awareness in the midst of experience. It is a portal through which the mind passes on its journey back to its source." -- Rupert Spira
"The only barrier to peace and happiness is the thought that considers the current situation wrong or inadequate." -- Rupert Spira
"The only barrier to peace and happiness is the thought that considers the current situation wrong or inadequate. That thought is like a plant that flowers in our feelings, activities and relationships, but has deep roots. It is not enough to pick the flower." -- Rupert Spira
"The past is made of memory, the future of imagination. Neither have any existence outside the thought that thinks them." -- Rupert Spira
"The separate entity thrives on trying to make the mind peaceful, and in doing so only perpetuates the agitation that is at the heart of itself. Leave the mind to be as it is, and remain as you are." -- Rupert Spira
"The separate self is the rejection of the Now. I, Awareness, am in love with the Now. In fact, I am the Now." -- Rupert Spira
"There are three essential steps in the spiritual path: the first is to notice that one is not a body or a mind, but rather the Awareness in which these appear, and with which they are known; the second is to explore the nature of Awareness and discover that it doesn't share the destiny or the limits of the body and mind - that is, to discover its eternal, infinite nature; and the third is to live a life that is consistent with this understanding." -- Rupert Spira
"To begin with I, Awareness, am found as the witness in the background of experience. Then, objects recede into the background and I shine in the foreground of all experience. Then, the apparent distinction and distance between Myself and objects dissolves, and I am found in everything and everyone, and everyone and everything is found in Me." -- Rupert Spira
"To see what the separate self is, is to see that it isn't." -- Rupert Spira
"Total openness, pure sensitivity, unconditional allowing: this is not something you, as a person, can do; it is what you, as pure Awareness, are." -- Rupert Spira
"We are the light of pure Knowing that runs through all experience. Stay with that, as that. Be and know only that." -- Rupert Spira
"We never truly desire an object for its own sake; we desire only to be relieved of the agitation of resistance and seeking that takes us away from the Now into time. Thus, all we ever truly desire is to be desireless." -- Rupert Spira
"When we understand that what we deeply long for can never be found in an object, substance, activity, relationship or state, our longing naturally and effortlessly loses its direction and dynamism, flows back to its source, and is revealed as the happiness for which we were in search." -- Rupert Spira
"Serve, love, meditate, realise." -- Swami Sivananda
"All feelings derive and become alive, whether negative or positive, from the power of Thought." -- Sydney Banks
"And in this game of life, we all search for ourselves. When I say selves, I mean 'inner selves', the thing that created the life in the first place. Now consciously, most of us are not aware of this. But if you're searching for happiness; if you're searching for tranquility; if you're searching just to have a nice, peaceful, loving, understanding life... in actual fact, you're searching for your inner self." -- Sydney Banks
"If the only thing people learned was to not be afraid of their experience, that alone would change the world." -- Sydney Banks
"Thought is not reality; yet it is through Thought that our realities are created." -- Sydney Banks
"What we are talking about is learning to live in the present moment, in the now. When you aren't distracted by your own negative thinking, when you don't allow yourself to get lost in moments that are gone or yet to come, you are left with this moment. This moment-now-truly is the only moment you have. It is beautiful and special. Life is simply a series of such moments to be experienced one right after another. If you attend to the moment you are in and stay connected to your soul and remain happy, you will find that your heart is filled with positive feelings." -- Sydney Banks
"With our intellect, we discover. With an insight, we uncover." -- Sydney Banks
"Your thoughts are like the artist's brush. They create a personal picture of the reality you live in." -- Sydney Banks
"Simplify, simplify, simplify",Thoreau
"There is only one time you can be of help to a person and that is when you can close your eyes to the appearance and go straight to God." -- Unknown
